trash: add trash-rm examples (#3910)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/trash.md

- Empty trash, keeping files trashed less than {{10}} days ago:

`trash-empty {{10}}`

> - Remove all files named 'foo' from trash:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Remove all files named 'foo' from the trash:
```

> - Remove all files matching name 'foo' from trash:

Reviewer 2: In this case stuff like "barfoobar" would also be removed from trash? Or only "foo" exactly?

Author: Looks like exact name match from the source, since matching is done with fnmatch, unix wildcard style. I tested it to confirm.

https://github.com/andreafrancia/trash-cli/blob/5abecd53e1d84f2a5fd3fc60d2f5d71e518826c5/trashcli/rm.py#L84

Author: I'm not sure if it works for folders.

> - Remove all files matching name 'foo' from trash:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Remove all files named 'foo' from trash:
```

`trash-rm foo`

> - Remove all files with '/full/path' as original location:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Remove all files with a given original location:
```

> - Remove all files with exactly '/full/path' as original location:

Reviewer 3: `exactly` is not really needed here

Author: ok. I used the language from manpage examples

> `trash-rm /full/path`

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't this be in a token (`{{}}`) ?

Reviewer: How did I manage to miss this? Opening another PR.
